	The goal of this project was, using the programming language Java, to use queues to create a simulation of an airport that only had one runway. Only one aircraft could use the runway to takeoff or land at any given moment, and the aircraft were to appear in the queues to takeoff or land randomly. Additionally, if there were any aircraft in the landing queue, these aircraft were given priority to use the runway before any aircraft in the takeoff queue could use the runway. The simulation was to end when no aircraft were waiting for takeoff.  
	To accomplish this goal, the first step was to create two queues called takeoffQueue and landingQueue respectively. These two queues were created using queues of integers to make the process of randomly determining when an aircraft enters a queue easier. In addition, this section also includes a Boolean value called x (initially set to true) that is used to determine when the simulation ends.            
	The next step in creating this program was to create a way for aircraft to randomly enter either the takeoff or landing queues. This was accomplished by creating a random number between 1 and 100 called randNum and using this number in a series of if/else statements. In the if statement that adds an aircraft to the takeoff queue, the statement checks to see if the random number is between 1 and 49. It also checks to see if the takeoff queue has not reached an arbitrary size of 10 (this is used to keep the overall execution times low and can be adjusted as needed). If the random number fulfills these requirements, the number is added to the takeoff queue and a statement is printed to the screen. The else if statement for the landing queue checks to see if the random number generated is between 50 and 100. It also determines if the landing queue has not reached an arbitrary size of 10. If the random number fulfills these requirements, the number is then added to the landing queue.                                                                                                        
	The next series of if/else statements determines when an aircraft is going to land or takeoff (leave either the takeoff or landing queues). The first if statement checks to see if the landing queue is not empty. if the requirements are fulfilled, it then removes an aircraft from the queue, and prints a statement on the screen. The else if statement, like the first if statement, checks to see if the takeoff queue is not empty. Unlike the first if statement, it also checks to see if the landing queue is empty. This is because aircraft that are waiting to land are given priority over those waiting to takeoff. If these requirements are fulfilled, an aircraft is removed from the takeoff queue and a statement is printed to the screen.                                                                                                                  
	The final if statement in the program checks to see if the takeoff queue is empty. If the takeoff queue is empty, then the Boolean value x is set to false. This then stops the while loop and ends the simulation.  
